                       CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                                (Fall 2015)
                Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                     University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #2

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Honam Bang

 
B: Myron Liu

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	                15         15 	  	 
coding 	  	  	            25         25
writeup 	  	  	        10         10
planning (alone) 	  	  	15         15
total (including meetings)  65         65	  	  	 


(3) Describe 
  (a) what the major responsibilities of each team member were;
	I would say that for this time, our cooperation works quite well since we
have tried to meet and discuss whenever we are available, and do
pair-prograaming aggressively. We first brainstormed some ideas together. Then we worked on the code
together. Whenever we parted ways, we came up with a couple of small ideas that we
could individually test out. We would then convene and discuss what seemed to
work.

  (b) whether or not you completed the assignment;
We totally complete the given all requirements of this assignment.

  (c) the major strengths and weaknesses in your team, e.g. how
      your team worked together;
Our collaboration worked well for this time. We will keep working in the same
way.

  (d) the lessons learned from these events;
Don't underestimate the improvement by loop unrolling; Do consider bank
conflicts when write code working in GPU device.
 
  (e) whether and how you plan to change the way your work together and
So far so good. Nothing to be changed.

  (f) anything else that comes to mind.
This assignment was very interesting since we hadn't used GPU before. By doing
this assignment, we could learn how GPU and parallism works for computation.
 
